Remove fallback check for old sqlite file location (#2046)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/30-administration/20-migrate-from-drone.md

# Migrate from Drone to Woodpecker

## Migrate from Drone >= v1.0.0

We currently do not provide a way to do so.
If you are interested or have a custom script to do so, please get in contact with us.

> ## Migrate from Drone <= v0.8

Author: if you review wording improvements welcome :)

> - Make sure you upgrade to Drone v0.8
> - Upgrade to woodpecker v0.14.4, migration is run on startup
> - If you use Sqlite3, rename `drone.sqlite` to `woodpecker.sqlite` and  
>   Rename/Adjust volume-mount/folder from `/var/lib/drone/` to `/var/lib/woodpecker/`
> - Upgrade to woodpecker v1.0.0, migration is run on startup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure you are already running Drone v0.8
- Upgrade to Woodpecker v0.14.4, migration will be done during startup
- If you are using Sqlite3, rename `drone.sqlite` to `woodpecker.sqlite` and
  rename or adjust the mount/folder of the volume from `/var/lib/drone/`
  to `/var/lib/woodpecker/`
- Upgrade to Woodpecker v1.0.0, the migration will be performed during
  startup
```
